c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.exe
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.deps.json
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.dll
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.pdb
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.dll
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\ConsoleApp1.dll
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.pdb
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp1.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\emil.kjellin\Documents\Programmering 1\Slutprojekt\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\ConsoleApp1.dll
